Add a "Retry stalled jobs" howto (#366)
peopledoc/procrastinate: docs/howto/retry_stalled_jobs.rst

Retry stalled jobs
==================

When a worker gets a ``SIGINT`` or ``SIGTERM`` signal requesting it to terminate it
waits for running jobs to finish before actually exiting. But, if the worker gets
a second ``SIGINT`` or ``SIGTERM`` signal, or if it's killed with ``SIGKILL``, it will
terminate immediately, possibly leaving jobs with the ``doing`` status in the queue.
And, if no specific action is taken, these *stalled* jobs will remain in the queue
forever, and their execution will never resume.

> To address that problem, Procrastinate offers functions that can be used in a periodic
> task for retrying stalled jobs. Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address that problem, Procrastinate offers functions that can be used in a periodic
task for retrying stalled jobs. Add the following in your code to enable automatic retry of tasks after some time:
```

.. code-block:: python

    @app.periodic(cron="*/10 * * * *")
    @app.task(queueing_lock="retry_stalled_jobs", pass_context=True)
    async def retry_stalled_jobs(context, timestamp):

>         stalled_jobs = await app.job_manager.get_stalled_jobs(nb_seconds=30)

Reviewer: can `30` be a constant with a clear name ?

Author: Done, but feel free to suggest a better variable name.

        now = datetime.datetime.now(tz=datetime.timezone.utc)
        for job in stalled_jobs:

>             await app.job_manager.retry_job(job, retry_at=now)

Reviewer: can retry_at take now as default ?

Author: Yep, done.

This defines a periodic task, configured to be deferred at every 10th minute. The task
retrieves all the jobs that have been in the ``doing`` status for more than
30 seconds, and restarts them (marking them with the ``todo`` status in the database).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you have specific rules for task retry (e.g. only some tasks should be retried, based on specific parameters, or the duration before a task is considered stalled should depend on the task), you're free to make the function more complex and add your logic to it. See `JobManager.get_stalled_jobs` for details.

Note that if a task is considered stalled, it will be retried, but if it's actually running, then you may have your task running twice. Make sure to only retry a task when you're reasonably sure that it is not running anymore.

```
